# DataSourcesOntology
The field of ocean sciences, like many other scientific disciplines, is constantly evolving. Ocean science researchers study the global marine environment and its interactions with the land, atmosphere and biosphere. Scientists increasingly want to use multidisciplinary research methods to answer complex environmen- tal problems. The Oce ́anIA project aims to develop new AI, Machine Learning and Mathematical Modeling tools to contribute to the understanding of the struc- ture, functioning, mechanisms and dynamics of the global ocean. Actions that are essential to better understand the oceans and their role in the regulation and maintenance of the biosphere. One of the major technological challenges of the project is to access complex data in a coherent and robust way, so it is necessary to develop data governance in a coherent way. A key challenge in data integration is the interoperability and integration of data that do not have a common schema and were collected, processed and analyzed using different methodologies. For this to be possible, it is necessary to introduce semantic knowledge that describes the meaning of all domain objects and topics (and their interrelationships) that can be found in all these data sources. Ontologies will be used for this representation. Ontologies are a specification of a common understanding of the domain that can be shared between people and applications. Ontologies are very useful for rep- resenting knowledge of complex and changing structure. They minimize the gap between conceptual representations and data structures. This research proposes a knowledge model of an integrated framework for complex data governance that sets the policies and standards of who uses what data and in what way through ontologies. In this work we propose a knowledge model based on an ontology, to understand the elements that characterize heterogeneous data sources focused from data governance.
